README.md, before:

# Codename : Photoposh

## Règles : 
-	Conversion Modules autorisés
-	Edition modules interdits

## Outils : 
- ❓ [Article d'explications du format BMP](https://medium.com/sysf/bits-to-bitmaps-a-simple-walkthrough-of-bmp-image-format-765dc6857393)
- 🛠️ [HXD (ça va être utile)](https://mh-nexus.de/en/downloads.php?product=HxD20)

## Membres :
- 💔 Matteo H.
- 💛 Maxime G.
- 💚 Matteo M.

## Interface Utilisateurs (Avec Modules) : 
- [ ] 💚 [Séléction de Fichier](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3579568/choosing-a-file-in-python-with-simple-dialog)
- [ ] 💔 [Sélection format sortie](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11137120/how-to-convert-an-image-from-one-format-to-another-with-python)
- [ ] 💛 [Sliders / Boutons modifications](https://kivy.org/#home)
- [ ] 💛 [Rendu temps réel de l’image](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45025869/how-to-process-images-in-real-time-and-output-a-real-time-video-of-the-result)

## Fonctionnalités (Avec Modules) :
- [ ] 💛 [Conversion de l'image en entrée](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46385999/transform-an-image-to-a-bitmap)

## Fonctionnalités (Sans Modules) :
-	[ ] 💔 Ajustement luminosité
-	[ ] 💚 Ajustement contraste
-	[ ] 💚 Ajustement Saturation
-	[ ] 💛 Ajustement taille (Rogner)
-	[ ] 💔 Passage monochrome (N&B & Nuances de gris)
-	[ ] 💔 Dessin sur image (modification pixel par pixel)
-	[ ] 💛 Gestion de contour (Contour auto) 
-	[ ] 💚 Flou & Netteté
-	[ ] 💔 Inversion

Commit message:

Translated everything in english Added file selector Added BMP decoder (no color pallet support yet)

README.md, after:

# Codename : Photoposh

## General Presentation :
This repo is a group project for the last year of my high school computer science group. 
The goal of this project is to allow editing of any image format by using the Bitmap format for modifications (which was imposed on us).
The use of modules is only tolerated for functionalities that are not related to image editing, so we will make ample use of them for everything that surrounds the heart of our project.

## Rules : 
-	Modules allowed if not used for image modifications
-	Image modification must not use modules

## Tools : 
- ❓ [BMP Explanations (Detailed)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BMP_file_format)
- 🛠️ [HXD (Hexadecimal Editor)](https://mh-nexus.de/en/downloads.php?product=HxD20)

## Members :
- 💔 Matteo H.
- 💛 Maxime G.
- 💚 Matteo M.

## Graphical User Interface (With Modules) : 
- [x] 💛 [File Selection](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3579568/choosing-a-file-in-python-with-simple-dialog)
- [ ] 💔 [Output format selection](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11137120/how-to-convert-an-image-from-one-format-to-another-with-python)
- [ ] 💚 [Sliders / Buttons modifications](https://kivy.org/#home)
- [ ] 💛 [Real Time image rendering](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45025869/how-to-process-images-in-real-time-and-output-a-real-time-video-of-the-result)

## Functionalities (With Modules) :
- [ ] 💛 [Automatic input file conversion](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46385999/transform-an-image-to-a-bitmap)

## Functionalities (Without Modules) :
-   [x] 💛 Read information from BMP
-	[ ] 💔 Brightness
-	[ ] 💚 Contrast
-	[ ] 💚 Saturation
-	[ ] 💛 Crop
-	[ ] 💔 Monochrome (B&W / Grayscale)
-	[ ] 💔 Drawing on the image (Maybe)
-	[ ] 💛 Automatic contour 
-	[ ] 💚 Blur & Sharpness
-	[ ] 💔 Inversion
